 Who are backers of integrated, the most recommended one is Faster Whisper with GPU support.
 I'm trying to read some things to see if we can get it.
 Good to meet you. Okay. Bye.
 Oh, that seems to work. Yeah, it's giving some...
 So I can't remember exactly what he said.
 But it does, um, I can't tell what it, who is speaking up, but I was trying to remain silent so that he could, uh, so that I would be able to translate.
 To transfer something.
 Oh, and actually, with me...
 Walking, I'm more impressed with how quickly it seems to be able to do that transfer that you were talking about.
 Um, it seems to like my voice better than his.
 Because I'm a loud mouth.
 Um, yeah, I don't know how accurate it is.
 It did get because I'm a mountain.
 Mouth, mouth, um, oh, and, uh...
 Oh, although, now I've just said, it did get because I'm a mountain, um, so it's making some transcription errors. It, it, it,
 But actually, I was concerned that you were saying, you know, because it doesn't work in real time.
 Uh, you were, um...
 You know, sending it on pauses.
 So I am sending her ART PIECES of all of you instead of, um, like, instead of streaming the video, like, in real time.
 But it does.
 So sending pieces of audio, but that in itself doesn't seem to be a problem.
 N O T H E R problem, but there is a latency.
 Oh, this doesn't make any sense to me.
 I that this is the best idea that be able to speak English and it's only available in multiple languages. Uh, so, plus, uh, Whisper supports multiple languages, and they have
 Each language has a different word accuracy.
 Mm in theory, it should be possible to change this to recognize, like...
 Japanese or Spanish? any language that whispers of all, uh, then this is their like the error rate on whisper? and I think I'm using the large V2 model, which is not as accurate as large V3 I haven't tried large V3 yet, So smaller is, so I'm seeing a graph now of, um, errors? Uh, error rate. So it
 Uh, wait, what is on the left and on the right? Um, I think these are the two data sets that they used for the evaluation.
 On the left is the common way to say that's it and on the right is...
 Make yourself F-L-E-U-R So the testing was done on two different data sets.
 Is there an overlap in the language? Uh...
 What do you mean by overlap? Overlap in... so because...
 language for the common voice 15 dataset was Dutch.
 With a 4 .3
 where as on the other data set the error rate for Dutch is 5.2 and it ends up like
 Like 10th or 11th on the list.
 Oh we should speak Spanish too, I think.
 I know no Spanish. I know a tad bit of Spanish, um, but, um, it seems, uh, pretty optimal for
 R A C E is 9.3 on the
 and 4.1 on the
 Oh no! some of them, yeah, so some of them are big differences, but, um, do you know any Spanish speakers? Oh, that's alright, I can, I can, I happen to know Spanish speakers who will likely be in the FinTech building, I'll make them come in and talk.
 See how they can take it back that way.
 Hee hee! There are several Spanish speakers! so, yeah, you're in luck.
 Hey, uh-oh. So was it recording us?
 I also have like a option for changing the font color.
 and a slide slider for changing the size of it, that's nice.
 Um, I'm not sure what this slider work or I was trying to make it so it will change the spacing between the lines and the alignment. I'm not
 So I'm just, like, adding things as I, like, think about it.
 Okay, DOPE! You might want to see, uh...
 You know, what some of these options are for other captioning services to see what they...
 What they use um, although, I think, is there any way to get, um...
 I can't tell how far behind it is.
 You might be quite far behind. It seems quite far behind at this point.
 Do we know why that is? Does it slow you down as you go further? It shouldn't because of...
 One day is hard to be sure of life we start to lose.
 Uh, Facebook has spam, so it shouldn't slow down, but if there's no pause, then it will keep adding the pop-up audio.
 DO it is like doing the processing of audio.
 Yeah, so that's it. And the rest of them are going to queue up and wait.
 Oh, yeah, don't.
